# DataFarm
## Connecting to Cloud Server

 ```
ssh username@172.105.191.145
```

Obtain password from server admin.
The following server holds an environment to develop code as well as offering a simple way to share files.

## Mounting Cloud Server to Local Machine
Instead of consistently being connected via terminal or putty in ssh. We can mount the cloud server on our local filesystem. Meaning we can still use all our GUI applications like we would normally do.

Complete the following commands to mount the remote server:


```
sudo apt-get install sshfs
mkdir ~/DF
sshfs lucasa@172.105.191.145:/home/lucasa ~/DF
```


## Accessing Git Repo's
To access our repo's, you must first generate a ssh key.
This can be done by executing the key-gen.sh script. Once this has been executed. Email the admin to add the ssh key to the repo. The Admin will get back to you ASAP, with a email notification telling you that the ssh key has been added.

The script can be run with the following command:
```
./key-gen.sh
```

## IDE Requirements
To develop code for DataFarm Tech, we require our software engineers to utilise standardised IDE's such as:
1. VScode
2. Notepad++
3. Sublime Text

If your IDE is not present above then discuss this with Lucas Aponso. 


## Join the Teams/Discord/WhatsApp Groups
[Discord](URL)

[Teams](URL)

[WhatsApp](URL)


## ASK AND ANSWER QUESTIONS!!!
Don't be hesitant to ask questions, there are no stupid questions. We also want all our developers to keep an open mind when developing our software.

## Always remember to Document
Always remember to Document what you have found or solved, meaning the next time someone has to fix a error or solve a problem, they are able to look back at the Documentation.


## Choice of Operating System
1. Linux
    - DataFarm preferably demands you to use a debian flavour of Linux. But exceptions can be made.
2. Windows
    - Windows 10 to 11
3. Mac


## Group Layout
Our software development process will be split into 4 different groups:

1. Data Science Team

Within the Data Science Team you will be focusing on cleaning data that has been generated by the Embedded Linux Team. As well as saving the cleaned data into a table that has been developed by the Database Team. You will also be developing models to predict future data as well as validate new data that comes in from the Embedded Linux Team. You will be working with python libraries such as pandas, matplotlib, sci-kit and many more. Additionally you will be in close contact with the Database team as both teams work in simliar practices.

2. Database Team

The database team will be responisble for storing the data that has been generated by the Embedded Linux Team. You will also be responsible for setting the correct permissions for users in the Database.  

3. Networking Team

Within the networking team, you are purely responsible for estabilishing a connection 
4. Embedded Linux Team
5. Web Dev Team


## Understanding the Software:

### Software Architecture

### Coding Style

### Naming Conventions

### OOP Structure

### 